Hello collar supervisor
Ouch collar supervisor
Thank you for your hard work.
I would like to express my gratitude to you on behalf of the employees of the company.
That's very kind of you.
Really no need
Yo, your supervisor is so majestic
Even grandma doesn't have so many people to welcome it, right?
Really admire
Director Lin, what are you doing?
Can you afford so many people bowing to you?
No, grandma, you misunderstood.
I didn't arrange it.
It's Lin Fei Tai'an
Lin Zhiwei, it was you who said you signed the contract.
I want to celebrate
Enough, what do you rely on Lin Fei?
Don't let me see this kind of thing in the future
If you see me, you will get out of the company
What are you waiting for?
Back to Work
You only lost for me
You arranged this.
So what if I was?
What can you do?